# Turkish (Oghuz) part of turkic group

769.1.1 = {
	discover_innovation = innovation_bannus
	discover_innovation = innovation_mustering_grounds
	discover_innovation = innovation_quilted_armor
	#
	discover_innovation = innovation_plenary_assemblies
	discover_innovation = innovation_currency_01
	#
	
}

936.1.1 = {
	# Tribal Innovations
	discover_innovation = innovation_motte
	discover_innovation = innovation_barracks
	discover_innovation = innovation_catapult
	#
	discover_innovation = innovation_development_01
	discover_innovation = innovation_casus_belli
}

1081.1.1 = {
	
	discover_innovation = innovation_crop_rotation
	discover_innovation = innovation_gavelkind
	discover_innovation = innovation_city_planning
	discover_innovation = innovation_ledger
	join_era = culture_era_early_medieval
	}

1124.1.1 = {

discover_innovation = innovation_battlements
discover_innovation = innovation_mangonel
discover_innovation = innovation_hereditary_rule
discover_innovation = innovation_manorialism
discover_innovation = innovation_development_02
discover_innovation = innovation_currency_02
discover_innovation = innovation_house_soldiers
discover_innovation = innovation_horseshoes
discover_innovation = innovation_arched_saddle
discover_innovation = innovation_burhs


}



1166.1.1 = {
discover_innovation = innovation_royal_prerogative
discover_innovation = innovation_turkish_sipahi
discover_innovation = innovation_chronicle_writing
discover_innovation = innovation_armilary_sphere
discover_innovation = innovation_baliffs
join_era = culture_era_high_medieval
}



1204.1.1 = {

discover_innovation = innovation_trebuchet
discover_innovation = innovation_advanced_bowmaking
discover_innovation = innovation_development_03
discover_innovation = innovation_men_at_arms
discover_innovation = innovation_hoardings

}

1265.1.1 = {

discover_innovation = innovation_castle_baileys
discover_innovation = innovation_knighthood
discover_innovation = innovation_heraldry
discover_innovation = innovation_windmills
discover_innovation = innovation_divine_right
discover_innovation = innovation_land_grants
discover_innovation = innovation_scutage
discover_innovation = innovation_guilds
discover_innovation = innovation_currency_03

join_era = culture_era_late_medieval

}

1300.1.1 = {

discover_innovation = innovation_standing_armies
discover_innovation = innovation_currency_04
discover_innovation = innovation_bombard


}