@smErmine = 0.27
@smLysX = 0.23
@smLysY = 0.26

khayyam = k_khorasan
house_khayyam = k_khorasan

rabban = ho_zealots
house_rabban = ho_zealots

von_bingen = c_worms
house_von_bingen = c_worms

aquinas = c_capua
house_aquinas = c_capua

alighieri = c_firenze
house_alighieri = c_firenze

house_becket = c_middlesex

ben_maimon = c_cordoba
house_maimon = c_cordoba

de_troyes = c_troyes
house_de_troyes = c_troyes

skallagrimsson = c_vestisland
house_skallagrimsson = c_vestisland

ormstunga = c_sudurland
house_ormstunga = c_sudurland

rode = c_vingulmork
house_rode = c_vingulmork

al_haytham = k_mesopotamia
house_al_haytham = k_mesopotamia

of_ockham = k_mesopotamia
house_of_ockham = k_mesopotamia

chaucer = k_mesopotamia
house_chaucer = k_mesopotamia

bacon = k_mesopotamia
house_bacon = k_mesopotamia

of_lincoln = k_mesopotamia
house_of_lincoln = k_mesopotamia

wycliffe = k_mesopotamia
house_wycliffe = k_mesopotamia

abelard = k_mesopotamia
house_abelard = k_mesopotamia

dargenteuil = k_mesopotamia
house_dargenteuil = k_mesopotamia

de_pizan = k_mesopotamia
house_de_pizan = k_mesopotamia

fibonacci = k_mesopotamia
house_fibonacci = k_mesopotamia

petrarca = k_mesopotamia
house_petrarca = k_mesopotamia

bondone = k_mesopotamia
house_bondone = k_mesopotamia

boccaccio = k_mesopotamia
house_boccaccio = k_mesopotamia

sturluson = k_mesopotamia
house_sturluson = k_mesopotamia

de_villa_nova = k_mesopotamia
house_de_villa_nova = k_mesopotamia

khalduni = k_mesopotamia
house_khalduni = k_mesopotamia

rumi = k_mesopotamia
house_rumi = k_mesopotamia

sina = k_mesopotamia
house_sina = k_mesopotamia

rushdi = k_mesopotamia
house_rushdi = k_mesopotamia

biruni = k_mesopotamia
house_biruni = k_mesopotamia

yitzchaki = k_mesopotamia
house_yitzchaki = k_mesopotamia

halevi = k_mesopotamia
house_halevi = k_mesopotamia

shaprut = k_mesopotamia
house_shaprut = k_mesopotamia

gershon = k_mesopotamia
house_gershon = k_mesopotamia

ezra = k_mesopotamia
house_ezra = k_mesopotamia

gabirol = k_mesopotamia
house_gabirol = k_mesopotamia

nahman = k_mesopotamia
house_nahman = k_mesopotamia

crescas = k_mesopotamia
house_crescas = k_mesopotamia

gaon = k_mesopotamia
house_gaon = k_mesopotamia

awkal = k_mesopotamia
house_awkal = k_mesopotamia

tudela = k_mesopotamia
house_tudela = k_mesopotamia

polo = k_mesopotamia
house_polo = k_mesopotamia

eckhart = k_mesopotamia
house_eckhart = k_mesopotamia

choniates = k_mesopotamia
house_choniates = k_mesopotamia

psellos = k_mesopotamia
house_psellos = k_mesopotamia

101131 = k_mesopotamia
psellos = k_mesopotamia
house_psellos = k_mesopotamia

tzetzes = k_mesopotamia
house_tzetzes = k_mesopotamia

pachymeres = k_mesopotamia
house_pachymeres = k_mesopotamia

moschopoulos = k_mesopotamia
house_moschopoulos = k_mesopotamia

metochites = k_mesopotamia
house_metochites = k_mesopotamia

choniates_2 = k_mesopotamia
house_choniates_2 = k_mesopotamia

tarchaneiotes = k_mesopotamia
house_tarchaneiotes = k_mesopotamia

pletho = k_mesopotamia
house_pletho = k_mesopotamia

lekapenos = k_mesopotamia
house_lekapenos = k_mesopotamia

bessarion = k_mesopotamia
house_bessarion = k_mesopotamia

kydones = k_mesopotamia
house_kydones = k_mesopotamia

holobolos = k_mesopotamia
house_holobolos = k_mesopotamia

axuch = k_mesopotamia
house_axuch = k_mesopotamia

gosh = k_mesopotamia
house_gosh = k_mesopotamia

rustaveli = k_mesopotamia
house_rustaveli = k_mesopotamia

tatevatsi = k_mesopotamia
house_tatevatsi = k_mesopotamia

pitsak = k_mesopotamia
house_pitsak = k_mesopotamia

czarny = k_mesopotamia
house_czarny = k_mesopotamia

blemmydes = k_mesopotamia
house_blemmydes = k_mesopotamia

tondaiman = k_mesopotamia
house_tondaiman = k_mesopotamia

medici = k_mesopotamia
house_medici = k_mesopotamia

wallace = k_mesopotamia
house_wallace = k_mesopotamia

borgia = k_mesopotamia
house_borgia = k_mesopotamia

vignolles = k_mesopotamia
house_vignolles = k_mesopotamia

flor = k_mesopotamia
house_flor = k_mesopotamia

hodja = k_mesopotamia
house_hodja = k_mesopotamia

corvey = k_mesopotamia
house_corvey = k_mesopotamia

prum = k_mesopotamia
house_prum = k_mesopotamia

monmouth = k_mesopotamia
house_monmouth = k_mesopotamia
